docs: rework mdbook (#1036)
coreos/clair: Documentation/contribution/commit_style.md

# Commit Style

> The Clair and ClairCore project utilize well structured commits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Clair project utilizes well structured commits to keep the history useful and help with release automation.
```

We suggest signing off on your commits as well.

A typical commit will take on the following structure:

```
<scope>: <subject>

<body>
Fixes #1
Pull Request #2

Signed-Off By: <email>
```

The header of the commit is regexp checked before commit and your commit will be kicked back if it does not conform.

## Scope

This is the section of code this commit influences. 

You will often see scopes such as "notifier", "auth", "chore", "cicd".

We use this field to group commits by scope in our automated changelog generation.

It would be wise to take a look at our changelog before contributing to get an idea of the common scopes we use.

## Subject

> Subject is a short and concise summary of the change the commit is introducing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subject is a short and concise summary of the change the commit is introducing. It should be a sentence fragment without starting capitalization and ending punctuation and limited to about 60 characters, to allow for the scope prefix and decoration in the git log.
```
